yeah that's what's going on guys James
here I finally got a connection to the
computer but I went to the Hamburg
reptile expo today was great I actually
took my little cousin he got a bunch of
neat things I'll tell him right now got
a Colorado River frog marine toad also
knows a cane toad and he also got a
white lipped tree frog we also picked up
to rated sliders for my little cousin
too so those are some of the neat things
he got I gave you the right amount so
right
Oh
so that's sad suppose okay go up up the
bag show take picture shown this
I really tied that knot in my back oh he
looks greenish it now oh my god that's
cool I think he was just nervous too
there's really cool glad I got
one place is really expensive that place
and tips down
I think it's awesome listen here like
make the noise she is really think one I
got a whole bag open
I got him I picked up some small rats
and i also picked up a female 2011
female labrador albino retic which is
awesome I'm gonna show you here right
now I don't want to stress her out and
take just got ur butt
our colors are amazing she's very paid
too little pick up the purples she's
actually pretty dark for a lavender well
yeah i'll have more updates on how a
little bit hope you guys enjoy and take
it easy all right guys it's going on
sorry i just woke up some little take a
shower and everything but I'm glad you
to show you the new lavender I binary
tickets now let's see if Purple's there
hopefully really nice colors in this
camera i'm filming a month camera on my
computer yeah she's really nice a little
cage aggressive 5k used to that though i
just take her able to hook and cheese
really fine she's really nice here still
a little baby but i'll guide her up to
size slowly but um these on like rat
pups now hopefully i'll get our rats
pretty soon that you're starting off
growing nice but yep this is my major
october 15 2011 hamburg pick up and
she's really awesome i haven't picked
out a name for it yet so do that real
soon so um there you go guys hope you
guys enjoy